1. User sets up account, then puts link in bio
2. Brand selects promo package and sends request
3. Promoter accepts request and money gets debited from brand account
4. Money gets put in escrow pending promotion verification
5. Verification happens by checking brand account for promoted brand post:
    first check happens as soon as the post goes up
    second check happens at a random time during the agreed duration of promo
    third time happens a short time at the end of promo
    once all three checks pass, process goes on to step 6
6. Once it has been verified that brand has been promoted, money gets debited
    into promoter account

Description
A marketplace for people needing to promote something to a specific audience, to
connect with promoters (ig/twitter/soundcloud accounts with medium to large followings).

Features:
Curated search
Promoter profiles:
Post count
Follower count
Following count
Views per post
Price breakdown
Direct messaging:
Ability to message multiple promoters at once
Payments
Promotion results:
When your content gets promoted, the views data gets pooled automatically, and
you can view the results, which will help you decide whether you want to work
with that promoter again
Verification process: when account posts content, add two hashtags
(#igpromos and keyword chosen by client needing promotion). Once system verifies
hashtags, it waits for a few hours before messaging client to ask if they like
their promoted post, then it processes the payment.

Why us?
No need to jump from account to account. Don’t get defrauded. Search for accounts
based on topic, price, following count, responsivity, etc. Secure payments instead
of paypal, so you can track how much you spend, and who you spend with the most.

What are my expenses?
Stripe, Twilio, SendGrid, Hosting

How will I reach customers?
IG ads, Twitter ads, Yogi comments, regular comments. Encourage accounts to replace ‘DM for promo/ads’ to ‘

How do I make money?
I earn 10% off every transaction made. Perhaps further down the road, I run promo ads (funny, i know).

